We are involved in the greatest preaching campaign in all history.
How can we most effectively handle this weighty assignment?
In 1 Corinthians 926, this profound statement was made.
The way I am aiming my blows is so as not to be striking the air.
Under the governing body's direction, the service committee has sought ways to help us
focus our blows, that is our time and energy, so that we can reach as many people as possible
since the time left is reduced.
To help us in this regard, adjustments to our preaching work were announced at the 2017
annual meeting.
Around the world, our brothers and sisters have seen wonderful benefits to supporting these
adjustments.
The governing body is adjusting the focus of our ministry.
For many years, there was a focus on placing magazines, developing magazine routes.
However, that is not the focus of our ministry.
We have so many tools, it can be overwhelming and confusing, so we only need so many tools
in the box.
Jesus commanded, go there for and make disciples.
That's the focus of our work, searching for those rightly disposed for everlasting life.
This is a time for decision, or looking for people that will act on what they learn.
This new arrangement has helped me to focus more in directing the householder's attention
to the Bible and helping them to look into their own Bible, instead of just relying on
what literature says.
Some religious people will never accept our literature, but now, I direct the attention
to the Bible, and they are more inclined to listen, and what is more, some new publishers
are improving their skills in the ministry and is even helping them to spend longer time
in their service.
So, I would like to say thank you, plenty to the government for this.
Because only a few publications are featured in the ministry, repairing for presentations
has become a lot easier.
And since you use these presentations often, soon, you are able to memorize them.
And you can avoid the situation where you needed a publication, rummaging to your
preaching bag for a long time, only to find out that it's not there.
But now you can be very sure, since they are organizing the teaching toolbox, it's
so easy to find them.
Just one tap, and there is the publication you are looking for.
Because of this adjustment, preparing for my presentations has become a lot simpler.
Whatever publication that I choose to use helps me in starting Bible studies.
This of the videos, and the publications, and the teaching toolbox, it is now quite
a bit easier to start conversations any time.
Before it was kind of hard to pinpoint what really suits the needs of the household.
But now there is a guarantee that you have something to use.
And this is easy to find in the teaching toolbox.
And the preaching bag that I used to preach in conduct Bible studies has become more handy.
I'd like to express my sincere and heartful thanks to the governing body.
The teaching toolbox has helped me to make my ministry simpler, but more effective.
I'm very excited to continue using this toolbox so I can help more people.
I took immediate action.
I discontinued a number of unproductive Bible studies, so that I could concentrate
my focus on ones who showed genuine interest.
That means they would prepare well for their Bible study.
They would attend meetings or are making plans to do so.
Maria had studied the Bible on and off for a number of years, and once again expressed
the desire to reinitiate her Bible study.
So I explained to her the new arrangement to direct our focus only on individuals who
had a genuine interest in serving Jehovah.
So immediately she started attending meetings, and now she witnesses informally to her family
and to neighbors.
Our focus has been channeled in one direction, making disciples.
Have you personally seen the benefits as you've applied these adjustments in your ministry?
As we effectively aim our blows, we can be assured of Jehovah's support and blessing.